Let's discuss the algorithm. So, first we initialize the distance at it and a priority So, what type of practical cue it is? It is a meaning. You can understand that. So distance. Distance is basically from the source node to the source From the source note to the desired note, you take a distance, right? That's what we have to return in the answer to the distances. So, this is a lecture topics. We are initializing the practice. May he practice you? So, what is the? So, this is how I have to slide the practical. First is the distance and second is the node. So, how in the practice you sort it? You will sort it according to the distance. Ok. And no discourse. And note is for reference purposes. Without note you cannot know that and which note you take. Alright? I have one. I have one more implementation in which it is more clear. This implementation is ok, but the next implementation is… The next implementation is more clear than that, in which you represent that from which mode you want that answer, okay. So, let's get to what we have to do. We have to process the note set in the criteria. So, why is that? So, while the priority is not until you have to repeat this step. We have to take the distance So this table give me the least work and we are storing the distance and mode from popping it out. So how much computation is needed to pop an argument from a tricycle? Log it. Login. Since there are V vertices, what we do the first here? Log of V. Is it clear? And that when we have stored the distance and mode of that, that mode what we will do? If we over calculate it then it will lead to an error. So, we have to pop it out and we have to not to compute that same vertex only. After we have called it, what to do? to explore its names. So, what I did? When I got full, I explored what paths I can go from. What paths I can go from the vertex 4? In this particular problem, what path I have got? What part I got? From 4 I got only 3. So I explore from 4 to 3. So what was my distance? So, what was the distance? The distance was 5 and what is the estimate here? 2. What I got? I got 7. So, now I will check. Initially the weight of the tree was infinity right. So, if the new distance is less than the distance. But what was the distance and as I said note that was infinity. So 7 is obviously less than infinity. And after I am ready, I have to push it back in the distance area. Okay? So, what is the time? So, what is the time needed to push that element back in the practical that is law of And finally, we have to retire. So, what is the cost? This is O of belonging plus Let us assume that one edge is connected to all the edges. One edge is connected to all the edges. So, you have to explore all the edges in this part right. So, o of e Let's assume that all the bits are getting updated also. All the weights are getting updated also. What we have to assume? All the weights are getting updated. So, what are the two functions I am taking? So, here are two functions I am making. First function is a single vertex is connected to all the vertices, all right. And… And point number 2 is all the edges, all the vertex are getting updated. So, the cost of updating all the vertices, cost of updating one vertex is long v. So, we have to do this V tax because we have to insert all the vertices. Why? Because we are exploring all the vertices. What we are doing? popping each one out until the end comes. What doing? popping out. Take log V as common. So, what we what you got is of V plus V log V. Now, coming to a better implementation part. So this is a graph. Is it visible? So... So please note this paragraph. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for being there. What has been going on? So, at first glance of looking into the solution, can you tell me what is something fishy here? Yes. You are taking the source. You don't have the source. You don't have to take the sources. This is just a waste of time. So, from A, can we go directly to C? Yes. Can we go back directly to B? Yes. No, you can't do that. You have to take either cb or b. So, what will be here? Can you go back into it? No. So what will be So, when you update the mode first look at the mode. So, from A you can take the 3 distance So, now from C what you do? You put 5 steps from A and you go to C. All right, coming to be what you took, you took 6 steps from A and you will give is to So, what do you write here? 6 to 3 and the rest of elements you did not reach at all. So, what do 6 to 3. 6 to 3. you Sorry, I don't know. Let me know if any of you have a problem. So, am I all these three which is the least? This path is already optimized. You cannot optimize it. So, you took 3. So, what will we do? At the top of the right 3. Just for a reference. So the minimum must be, so you select it be. Now from be, where can you go? You can go to be right. This is an undirected graph. So, you can go from B to D and D to B. So, you do not have any problem. So, you do not have any problem, right? You will always have the ids and you can do by the you can do by the ids. You can do this also, but I think this is more complex. This looks more prettier. This looks more prettier in the right. So, from me you took the distance 2 and you were If you reduce it to 5. So what will happen? It will get reduced to 5. So, will I go back to it? No. Why? Because it's the point where I started from. So, what I am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am going to do? I will repeat in this way. am So, now which is the least one? We have already done the b. Now what are the Now, what are the edges where, what are the vertexes where c and v both are high right? You can take any of them. Let's assume. Let us assume that I have to see. So, I have to see. So, from see. So, from C I can go to B, G and F. There are three possibilities. So, all of them are infinity. So, 6 plus 5 is infinity. So, this way till we get getting updated right. 5 plus 7, 5 plus 7 is 12, this is less than infinity, right? So, this will be also being updated, isn't it? And three And 3 plus 5, that is 3 plus 5 is 8, which is less than 3. So, this will be all. So, this will be also getting updated right. So, you got a new update. So, you got the new updated methods. And remember that you should write on which vertex did you use. So, I am writing 11 C, 8 C, 17 C. So, that academic topics, 11 C, 8 C, 17 C. So, that academic topics, 11 C, 8 C, 17 C. So, that academic topics, So that I have a track that how did the weights get reduced. Why? Because if you remember Because, if you remember the algorithm, when I inserted the elements in the practical I'll use the way and the mode, right? So, you have to mention first the weight and the node. Isn't it? Isn't it? What is the least if you have already explored it? So, what am I going to select now? I will select g x square. So, I am at the far end of the lecture nd the far end of the lecture nd So, the F will remain as it is right 5 plus 2 that is that is that is 5 plus 2 is is that is I have already explored B, I have already explored C and it is not being updated and So, I will go through the next thing. So, I have already explored A, B, C and G. I have already visited him and asked him. Can I come to see? No. Can I come to meet? Yes. So, what is the cost? 8 plus 5 is 13. Is 13 less than 11? No. So, I have learned it. So, A plus 1 is 9. Is 9 less than 12? Yes. So, I was I was struggling with the help of S sorry. So, I have dated it to 9F. So, what was the last one that I am remaining with? The last one that I am remaining with is E. So, with E all the edges, all the vertices are already explored right. See you. I am going to give you an answer as this. Am I doing it? Is there any doubt? Is it clear? So, we got the idea how to solve this question, right? You have to keep the record, you have to keep circling it so that you don't visit that node again, you don't update that node again. And you can write this in English. Is it clear? Can we help to solve the problems? Alright. Oh, that fits so well. Actually, this is a free model. There are many restrictions in a free model. And this is the project at the end. We need a lot of improvement. The speech-to-text will evolve in a way that my project speech-to-text speech-to-text my project speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text speech-to-text